bpo-32642: adding compatibility for pathlike objects in sys.path (#5691)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2018-02-15-12-52-34.bpo-32642.e4g57h.rst

> adding compatibility for pathlike objects in sys.path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add compatibility for path-like objects on sys.path.
Patch by jayyin.
```
